feat(Python): Added documenation for Cloud Resource Context (#6259)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/python/common/configuration/integrations/cloudcontext.mdx

---
title: Cloud Resource Context
description: "Learn about the Cloud Resource Context integration and how it adds information about the Cloud environment the project runs in."
sidebar_order: 30
---

The Cloud Resource Context integration adds information about the cloud platform your app runs in and adds this information to errors and performance events.

## Install

```bash
pip install --upgrade 'sentry-sdk'
```

## Configure

Add `CloudResourceContextIntegration()` to your `integrations` list:

```python
import sentry_sdk
from sentry_sdk.integrations.cloudresourcecontext import CloudResourceContextIntegration

sentry_sdk.init(
    dsn="___PUBLIC_DSN___",
    integrations=[
        CloudResourceContextIntegration(),
    ],
)
```

> ## Behavior
> 
> When the SDK starts up information from the cloud provider the app is running in is retrieved and set in all the error and performance events sent to Sentry.
> The [developer documentation](https://develop.sentry.dev/sdk/event-payloads/contexts/#runtime-context) list all the information that is added.
> 
> In AWS EC2 the context looks like this:
> 
> ![AWS EC2 Cloud Resource Context in Sentry event](cloud-context-aws-ec2.png)
> 
> In Google Cloud Platform GCE the context looks like this:
> 
> ![Google GCE Cloud Resource Context in Sentry event](cloud-context-gcp-gce.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Behavior

When the SDK starts up, information from the cloud provider the app is running in is retrieved and added to all error and performance events sent to Sentry.
The [developer documentation](https://develop.sentry.dev/sdk/event-payloads/contexts/#runtime-context) lists all the information that's being added.

In AWS EC2 the context looks like this:

![AWS EC2 Cloud Resource Context in Sentry event](cloud-context-aws-ec2.png)

In Google Cloud Platform GCE the context looks like this:

![Google GCE Cloud Resource Context in Sentry event](cloud-context-gcp-gce.png)
```
